bounding boxes' tracks  --> bounding boxes tracks (#392)
neuroinformatics-unit/movement: docs/source/user_guide/input_output.md

(target-saving-bboxes-tracks)=

> ## Saving bounding boxes tracks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Saving bounding box tracks
```

> We currently do not provide explicit methods to export a movement bounding boxes dataset in a specific format. However, you can easily save the bounding boxes trajectories to a .csv file using the standard Python library `csv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently do not provide explicit methods to export a movement bounding boxes dataset in a specific format. However, you can easily save the bounding box tracks to a .csv file using the standard Python library `csv`.
```
